Good friend, I remember you.
I believe we will meet again soon
Walk home
Um, where is the rice manager going?
Yeah, are you all right?
Our little Yao is fine
Miss Dishonest is bothering
How does Tianjiao speak?
Miss Shi thank you
If it wasn't for you just now, we might be fine
Lu Yao helped me before, it should be
Thank you, Miss Shi
Let's talk on the phone
Factory Manager Fan, where do you want to run?
It's time to count the two of us before
Sir, I was wrong.
I don't want this factory anymore.
I'll be mean again, I'm a dog
Brother, what do you want to do with this old bitch?
Do you want this money?
Ah no no no no no
I'll give it to you tonight.
But it has nothing to do with this occasion in the future
Tell you he was fired
As for going back, fire him
It will be you in the future
Du Yao
Why are you spending so much money on a shabby factory?